## Mobius

Mobius is a customizable, visual programming environment for non-developers. To start using Mobius, all you need to do is:
- Create an account
- Add the function libraries you require
- Create some default nodes (optional)
- Send a link to your personal Mobius Environment

## Mobius Components
- An Editor: To create projects
- A Gallery: Gallery to display projects created with Mobius, in your environment



## Style Guidelines
https://angular.io/guide/styleguide#general-naming-guidelines


## Current Structure

Mobius starts of in the `editor` route


The main folder - consists of the components referred to by the routes
Main folder consists of:
- mobius-editor
- mobius-gallery
- mobius-landing
- mobius-viewer



### Mobius Editor

The entire UI is placed in split-containers. The plugin used for this is angular-split. 
Mainly, there are four components here - 
- app_panel with panel_id='top'
- app_panel with panel_id='middle'
- app_panel with panel_id='bottom'
- app_panel with panel_id='main'

app_panel is the same component. It has a uniform header, displaying the name of the currently selected node and the name of the component it contains - like the flowchart viewer, editor etc. The definition for this component can be found in the `layout` folder



#### Panel Component

Panel Component contains two things
- Header: with the active node name and a button to maximize the panel
- ng-container: to dynamically insert a component (flowchart, procedure etc)

This component was built like this to enable switching and maximizing of the panel components. 
This component listens to the layout service and updates it's contents based on
which viewer is supposed to displayed in which container. 
For example, if the layout service changes to house to flowchart viewer in 
the panelcomponent with name ='bottom', this component will then change to 
update ng-container to contain the flowchart viewer

.. this maynot be the right approach?



#### Main Components in Panel Component

## Viewer Container

Viewer container contains all the viewers capable of rendering outputs. Currently, it also contains the helpviewer and module library viewer, but this needs to be shifted out

This also uses an ng-container to dynamically substitute the viewers

Future Feature:
This should allow for the user to add / remove different types of viewers to better visualize the data being generated by the nodes. 


!This is can all be packaged as a separate mode

Different kinds of viewers available:
- CesiumViewerComponent
- CodeViewerComponent
- ConsoleComponent
- EditorComponent
- GeometryViewerComponent
- HelpFundamentals
- HelpModel
- HelpViewerComponent
- InfoViewerComponent
- TextViewerComponent


## FlowchartViewerComponent (different module)
Flowchart viewer component contains the following components: 

- FlowchartControls
- GraphEdge
- GraphNode

This renders the nodes and edges in the graph. 


[these flowchart controls should actually be mobius file functions]
The flowchartControls component contains the following functionality-
- load_file
- new_file
- new_flowchart
- publish_settings
- open_picker
- save_file
- add_node (anomaly - should be shifted to flowchart)

(fileloaddialog component, )

## EditorComponent (different module)

The editor component allows you to edit the inputs and procedure code associated with a single node. it always operates on a single node. it is like manipulating the contents of a node.

The components used in the editorcomponent are - 

- app-modulebox (put this functionality in a service and remove the component )
the functions and procedure lines that can be added
(add input/output, add variable, add for loop, add while loop, add functions .... )

- app-parametereditor
to modify input / output: acts on a single node; 
allows you to add / delete; updates names of i/o, update type of i/ol update settings for io

- app-procedureeditor
rearrange different lines
cut copy paste delete ask for help
(use monaco editor here?)
fill in the blanks for the procedure lines



## ParameterViewer Component (should be incorporated into the flowchart)
(shouldn't this be incorporated into the flowchart?)
- executes the flowchart
- sets the values in the node (shows the sliders etc)





### there should a mobius module that maps from flowchart component to the procedure component and vice versa